https://codepen.io/msheets83/pen/gOpvYKP
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Use of markup to give meaning of the information in webpages and web applications.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
It is a markup language used to setup the bones or structure of a website. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute comes after the element. We can put ID, CLASS and others. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? 
How many times should I use it on a page? The largest of the header tags and should be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. 
HREF and IMG

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<header>

    7. What is an id? 
Unique specificity descriptor. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
DIV and CLASS

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
One time. 

    10. What is a class? 
An attribute that specifies one or more element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
DIV and SPAN

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
alternative text, which provides alternative information incase of load issues or screen readers.  

    15. How do I reference an id? 
#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? 
Section are headers, footers, articles, or any other section. A div defines a division or a section. To group block elements.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
Is used for the the look and feel of the webpage. i.e. colors, layout, and fonts. 

    18. How to we select an element? 
Example - every h2 on the page 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class can be used on multiple elements as an ID can only be used once. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? 
.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 
.human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Seletor selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
#sidebar a:link {color: }

    24. What is a pseudo selector? 
First element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?  
line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 
letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
/* */ 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pmd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm filename, there's no undo and it doesn't go to the trash

    34. Why should I use version control? 
Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting

    35. How often should I commit to github? 
As much as possible.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin firstName-lastName

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1st you fork
2nd ensure its your username
3rd add your TL (settings, manage users)
4th clone (git clone <link>)
5th branch (git checkout -b 'name')
6th git add

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
